docs: Update docs w.r.t. new structure (#490)
ansys/pyfluent-visualization: doc/source/users_guide/configure.rst

.. _ref_configure:

=========
Configure
=========
PyFluent-Visualization uses PyVista as the default graphics rendering tool

> and Matplotlib for plotting 2D data. However, it also allows users to configure
> other Python-supported tools for rendering data.

Reviewer: Minor:
```suggestion
and Matplotlib for plotting 2D data. It also allows users to configure
other Python-supported tools for rendering data.
```

Configuration Steps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Follow these steps to integrate additional Python libraries into PyFluent-Visualization:

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
Follow the steps below to integrate additional Python libraries with PyFluent-Visualization.
```

> 1. Navigate to either:
>    - `src/ansys/fluent/visualization/graphics` or
>    - `src/ansys/fluent/visualization/plotter`

Reviewer: I think the formatting here isn't going to work as expected, the items after `-` are not going to end up formatted as a list, if that was the intention

You'd need to leave some empty space between the line that starts with the number, and the ones that start with `-`

This is what it looks like right now:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ecfd67b-0ccd-445f-8a3f-a58173bbc4de)

I would suggest something like:
```suggestion
Navigate to either:

- ``src/ansys/fluent/visualization/graphics`` or

- ``src/ansys/fluent/visualization/plotter``
```
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/00991a49-55a6-41fc-8e04-57d25ade237a)

Author: Thanks @raph-luc
